Just say, if you want me to escape,
If you left like this, you would leave me and we would take you out together.
You do this.
You also think that I deliberately left the original one.
Anyway, why should I apologize?
Obviously he is trying to get his luck by running out.
You didn't ask anything and just blamed me for everything.
Have you forgotten that I am also your daughter.
I will give it to you if it does come out today.
No need, let's go again.
It’s okay to say that my true wish is gone. I still think about it. That’s my position.
Didn't come out.
I can tell you are in a hurry to leave
In this way, the Holy Family will think that you, a daughter like you, have no body before leaving.